some of n natural numbers is equal to n plus
n minus one plus n minus two place etcetera up
to one
So here what will be the recursive call every time
N is decrementing
By one like n n minus one n minus two
etcetera
So the recursive call will be function of n
minus one
And here we need to find the sum of all
those numbers
So add n to the result of each recursive call
Hence the Recursive call will be n plus function
of n minus one
And we need a base case for every recursive call
And what will be the base case here We need
to do this process still n becomes one
So we need to stop the recursive call when n
is equal to one
So using this logic you can solve the problem.